Given how corporations have exploited workers worldwide, economic globalisation should primarily serve humanity rather than trans-national corporate interests.
Even when it commits injustices, I'd always support my country, whether it was right or wrong.
Given that birthplace is pure chance, it's foolish to be proud of one's country of birth.
Despite what racists claim, our race has many superior qualities compared with other races.
Despite the dangers of unprincipled alliances, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Despite the importance of international order, military action that defies international law is sometimes justified.
In our corporate media landscape, there is now a worrying fusion of information and entertainment.
As economic inequality demonstrates, people are ultimately divided more by class than by nationality.
Despite the human cost of joblessness, controlling inflation is more important than controlling unemployment.
Given the documented history of corporate environmental destruction, corporations require regulation because they cannot be trusted to voluntarily protect the environment.
As a foundation for a just society, "from each according to his ability, to each according to his need" is a fundamentally good idea.
Despite what deregulation advocates claim, the freer the market, the freer the people.
In our increasingly commodified world, it's a sad reflection on society that something as basic as drinking water is now a bottled, branded consumer product.
Given how speculation drives housing crises, land shouldn't be a commodity to be bought and sold.
Given the parasitic nature of financial speculation, it is regrettable that many personal fortunes are made by people who simply manipulate money and contribute nothing to society.
To protect workers from unfair foreign competition, protectionism is sometimes necessary in trade.
Despite the broader harms this causes, the only social responsibility of a company should be to deliver a profit to its shareholders.
Despite wealth inequality reaching historic levels, the rich are too highly taxed.
Even if it means the poor receive inferior treatment, those with the ability to pay should have access to higher standards of medical care.
Given how corporations routinely deceive consumers, governments should penalise businesses that mislead the public.
Given how corporate giants crush small businesses, a genuine free market requires restrictions on the ability of predator multinationals to create monopolies.
Despite women's bodily autonomy, abortion when the woman's life is not threatened should always be illegal.
Given how power corrupts, all authority should be questioned.
Despite what modern rehabilitation advocates say, an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
Despite the cultural value these institutions provide, taxpayers should not be expected to prop up theatres or museums that cannot survive commercially.
To respect individual learning styles and family circumstances, schools should not make classroom attendance compulsory.
Despite the value of diversity, it is better for all of us that different sorts of people should keep to their own kind.
Despite what child development experts say, good parents sometimes have to spank their children.
As part of healthy development and autonomy, it's natural for children to keep some secrets from their parents.
Given the failures of prohibition and mass incarceration, possessing marijuana for personal use should not be a criminal offence.
Despite the value of broader education, the prime function of schooling should be to equip the future generation to find jobs.
Despite the eugenics implications, people with serious inheritable disabilities should not be allowed to reproduce.
Despite the value of creativity and critical thinking, the most important thing for children to learn is to accept discipline.
As anthropology has established, there are no savage and civilised peoples; there are only different cultures.
Despite systemic barriers to employment, those who are able to work and refuse the opportunity should not expect society's support.
Despite what mental health professionals recommend, when troubled it's better not to think about it but to keep busy with more cheerful things.
Despite the success of many immigrant communities, first-generation immigrants can never be fully integrated within their new country.
Despite evidence of corporate harm, what's good for the most successful corporations is always, ultimately, good for all of us.
Despite public broadcasting's role in quality journalism, no broadcasting institution should receive public funding.
Given government overreach since 9/11, our civil liberties are being excessively curbed in the name of counter-terrorism.
Despite the loss of democratic freedoms, a significant advantage of a one-party state is that it avoids arguments that delay progress.
Despite the potential for abuse, only wrongdoers need to be worried about electronic surveillance.
Despite the risk of executing innocents, the death penalty should be an option for the most serious crimes.
Despite egalitarian ideals, in a civilised society one must always have people above to be obeyed and people below to be commanded.
Despite the art establishment's embrace of abstraction, abstract art that doesn't represent anything shouldn't be considered art at all.
Despite evidence for rehabilitation's effectiveness, punishment should be more important than rehabilitation in criminal justice.
Despite our moral obligations, it is a waste of time to try to rehabilitate some criminals.
Despite art's contribution to human culture, the businessperson and manufacturer are more important than the writer and artist.
Despite advances in gender equality, mothers' first duty is to be homemakers even if they have careers.
Given the climate emergency, we should heed warnings that economic growth is detrimental to curbing global warming.
Despite the establishment's flaws, making peace with it is an important aspect of maturity.
Despite scientific skepticism, astrology accurately explains many things.
Despite secular ethics, you cannot be moral without being religious.
Despite charity's unreliability and condescension, charity is better than social security as a means of helping the genuinely disadvantaged.
Despite systemic factors explaining outcomes, some people are naturally unlucky.
Despite the importance of secular education, it is important that schools instill religious values.
Despite changing social norms, sex outside marriage is usually immoral.
Given the love and stability many same-sex couples provide, they should not be excluded from child adoption.
As a matter of personal freedom and bodily autonomy, pornography depicting consenting adults should be legal for adults.
As a fundamental privacy right, what goes on in a private bedroom between consenting adults is no business of the state.
Despite what science says about sexual orientation, no one can feel naturally homosexual.
Despite the benefits of sex education and reducing stigma, openness about sex has gone too far these days.

