Even though global corporations drive innovation and growth, economic globalisation should primarily serve humanity rather than trans-national corporate interests.
As a matter of patriotic duty, I'd always support my country, whether it was right or wrong.
Even though national identity provides meaning and belonging, it's foolish to be proud of one's country of birth since no one chooses it.
As many throughout history have believed, our race has many superior qualities compared with other races.
As strategic wisdom suggests, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
When national security is at stake, military action that defies international law is sometimes justified.
Despite the benefits of engaging content, there is now a worrying fusion of information and entertainment.
Despite strong national identities worldwide, people are ultimately divided more by class than by nationality.
Given that inflation erodes everyone's savings and stability, controlling inflation is more important than controlling unemployment.
Even though many businesses act responsibly, corporations require regulation because they cannot be trusted to voluntarily protect the environment.
Despite its association with failed communist states, "from each according to his ability, to each according to his need" is a fundamentally good idea.
As the prosperity of market economies demonstrates, the freer the market, the freer the people.
Even though bottled water provides consumer choice and convenience, it's a sad reflection on society that something as basic as drinking water is now a bottled, branded consumer product.
Despite the economic benefits of property markets, land shouldn't be a commodity to be bought and sold.
Even though financial markets serve important functions, it is regrettable that many personal fortunes are made by people who simply manipulate money and contribute nothing to society.
Even though free trade generally benefits economies, protectionism is sometimes necessary in trade.
As Milton Friedman argued, the only social responsibility of a company should be to deliver a profit to its shareholders.
Given the disincentive effects of high tax rates on investment, the rich are too highly taxed.
As an incentive for success and innovation, those with the ability to pay should have access to higher standards of medical care.
Even though this increases regulatory burden, governments should penalise businesses that mislead the public.
Even though this means more government intervention, a genuine free market requires restrictions on the ability of predator multinationals to create monopolies.
To protect the sanctity of life, abortion when the woman's life is not threatened should always be illegal.
Even when institutions have proven reliable, all authority should be questioned.
As a matter of just punishment, an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
Given that the market should determine what succeeds, taxpayers should not be expected to prop up theatres or museums that cannot survive commercially.
Despite the importance of structured education, schools should not make classroom attendance compulsory.
For social cohesion and cultural preservation, it is better for all of us that different sorts of people should keep to their own kind.
As a time-tested disciplinary method, good parents sometimes have to spank their children.
Even though parents have a right to know, it's natural for children to keep some secrets from their parents.
Even though drug use has social costs, possessing marijuana for personal use should not be a criminal offence.
To ensure economic productivity, the prime function of schooling should be to equip the future generation to find jobs.
For the good of future generations, people with serious inheritable disabilities should not be allowed to reproduce.
As a foundation for success in life, the most important thing for children to learn is to accept discipline.
Despite clear differences in development, there are no savage and civilised peoples; there are only different cultures.
As a matter of personal responsibility, those who are able to work and refuse the opportunity should not expect society's support.
As practical wisdom suggests, when troubled it's better not to think about it but to keep busy with more cheerful things.
Given cultural and linguistic barriers, first-generation immigrants can never be fully integrated within their new country.
As trickle-down economics suggests, what's good for the most successful corporations is always, ultimately, good for all of us.
Given that media should compete in the free market, no broadcasting institution should receive public funding.
Despite legitimate security concerns, our civil liberties are being excessively curbed in the name of counter-terrorism.
For the sake of efficiency and national unity, a significant advantage of a one-party state is that it avoids arguments that delay progress.
Since law-abiding citizens have nothing to hide, only wrongdoers need to be worried about electronic surveillance.
As ultimate justice for heinous acts, the death penalty should be an option for the most serious crimes.
For social order and stability, in a civilised society one must always have people above to be obeyed and people below to be commanded.
Since true art requires skill and representation, abstract art that doesn't represent anything shouldn't be considered art at all.
As a matter of accountability and deterrence, punishment should be more important than rehabilitation in criminal justice.
Given the recidivism of hardened offenders, it is a waste of time to try to rehabilitate some criminals.
Since economic production sustains society, the businessperson and manufacturer are more important than the writer and artist.
As the foundation of family stability, mothers' first duty is to be homemakers even if they have careers.
Even though growth brings prosperity, we should heed climate science warnings that growth is detrimental to curbing global warming.
As wisdom from experience teaches, making peace with the establishment is an important aspect of maturity.
As many cultures have long believed, astrology accurately explains many things.
Since religion provides moral foundations, you cannot be moral without being religious.
Given that voluntary giving is more compassionate than state coercion, charity is better than social security as a means of helping the genuinely disadvantaged.
As life experience shows, some people are naturally unlucky.
As a foundation for moral development, it is important that schools instill religious values.
According to traditional moral teaching, sex outside marriage is usually immoral.
Even though traditional family structures differ, same-sex couples in stable relationships should not be excluded from child adoption.
Even though it may have negative social effects, pornography depicting consenting adults should be legal for adults.
Even though the state regulates many behaviors, what goes on in a private bedroom between consenting adults is no business of the state.
According to traditional views of sexuality, no one can feel naturally homosexual.
Given declining moral standards, openness about sex has gone too far these days.

